Night Market 10th Anniversary Dinner
Hope you can come
I would love it.
By the way, I heard that you are also in the construction industry.
If you need any help in the future
You can call me anytime.
Why do you think I was in school?
Poor students who need grants?
Sorry.
That's not what I meant.
You and I don't have to say sorry
If you are really ashamed of me
It's better to promise
Don't make such a joke.
I'm not kidding.
Qiuyan, I liked you when I was in school
But at that time I didn't think I was worthy of you
But now I have confidence
I also have the ability to pursue you
Protect you and me
I won't force you.
I am willing to wait
What's up?
50 million in debt is coming due soon
But we simply can't come up with that much money
The cooperation discussed before is also yellow
Oh, what can be done then?
There is a way
I heard that at the 10th anniversary dinner of the night market
Not only will the new president take office
There will also be international architecture Grand Saint Jason in attendance
Whether it's the new president or Jason
As long as we ask for one of them
The cooperative company can be saved
Great Mengmeng
Aren't you a night market daughter?
Are you getting an invitation for my son?
Where can I get this invitation?
Why don't I want to